shapes.md, before:

---
title: Gallery of interesting shapes
layout: layout
---

# Gallery of Interesting Shapes

A [poor!] example: ![A Shape](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/lrb9-gallery.svg)

## Shape from Kasim and Cole

A Heptagon: ![Heptagon](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/cbessee-kasims44-gallery.svg)

#Shape from Yunan and Jessica

A Star: ![Star](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/fre2dy-jscha92.svg)

Hexagon: ![Hexagon](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/short-skinner.svg)

# This shape brought to you by Alex Skinner and Nick Short

## Shape from Kevin and Alana

Heptagram: ![A heptagram](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/mason_kim-gallery.svg)

## Shape from Neela and Truong 

Decagon: ![A decagon](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/python_neela.svg)

## shape from Pitchaya

fancy sqaure ![fancy sqaure] (http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/Pitchaya_pic.svg)

#Tried to make a pink flower 

Pink Flower ! [pink flower](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/yoshitheturtle_by_theresa-luke.svg)

Commit message:

Pink Flower
by Theresa and Luke

shapes.md, after:

---
title: Gallery of interesting shapes
layout: layout
---

# Gallery of Interesting Shapes

A [poor!] example: ![A Shape](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/lrb9-gallery.svg)

## Shape from Kasim and Cole

A Heptagon: ![Heptagon](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/cbessee-kasims44-gallery.svg)

#Shape from Yunan and Jessica

A Star: ![Star](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/fre2dy-jscha92.svg)

Hexagon: ![Hexagon](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/short-skinner.svg)

# This shape brought to you by Alex Skinner and Nick Short

## Shape from Kevin and Alana

Heptagram: ![A heptagram](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/mason_kim-gallery.svg)

## Shape from Neela and Truong 

Decagon: ![A decagon](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/python_neela.svg)

## shape from Pitchaya

fancy sqaure ![fancy sqaure] (http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/Pitchaya_pic.svg)

## Tried to make a pink flower made by Theresa and Luke 

Pink Flower ! [pink flower](http://uw-geog458-spr2014.github.io/galleries/shapes/yoshitheturtle_by_theresa-luke.svg)
